Who doesn't love a dessert that's quick and
easy to make, light absolutely mouthwatering,
and can serve a crowd?
That's exactly what you get with this clafoutis.
Let me show you!
Place the almonds in the bowl of a food processor.
Add the flour.
And now process until very finely ground,
about 1 to 2 minutes.
Place the eggs in a large bowl, add the egg
yolks and whisk until lightly blended.
Add the sugar, the heavy cream, the milk,
the almond extract, the salt and the ground
almonds.
Now whisk until all the ingredients are well
incorporated.
That's it for our base!
So simple.
For the apricots, the only thing we have to
do is to cut them in half and remove the pits.
Place the apricots cut-side-up in your prepared
mold.
You want the apricots to fit snugly together,
because this clafoutis is all about the fruit.
Drizzle with the custard.
Now sprinkle with the sliced almonds and the
turbinado sugar.
This is going to give the clafoutis a wonderfully
crisp topping.
Here we are!
Beautiful golden-brown top, all puffed up
and smelling absolutely heavenly.
Enjoy baking this gorgeous dessert, and bon
apetit!